Update project_manager.rst (#5602)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/editor/project_manager.rst

When you launch Godot, the first window you see is the Project Manager. It lets
you create, remove, import, or play game projects.

> You can also reach that screen from within Godot by selecting menu entry Project-->Quit to Project List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also reach that screen from within Godot editor by selecting ``Project -> Quit to Project List`` from the top menu.
```

Although I'm not sure this is the best place to mention it. Feels awkward.

.. image:: img/editor_ui_intro_project_manager_01.png

> Note : In more recent versions of Godot, the "Tempates" tab has been renamed "Asset Library Projects".

Reviewer: The docs are for the most recent version, so the appropriate fix is to update the screenshot.
